README.md, before:

# README Template ⚙️

This is my personal `README.md` template. This template contains all possible chapters that I could need during a school or personal project.

![Project Image](https://i.imgur.com/ZALRBjH.png)

## Table of Contents 🗃
* [To Do](#to-do-)
* [Description](#description-)
* [Installing](#installing-)
  * [Packages and Technologies](#packages-and-technologies)
* [API](#api-)
* [Research](#research-)
* [How It Works](#how-it-works-️)
* [Sources](#sources-)
  * [Honourable Mentions](#honourable-mentions)
* [Licence](#licence-)

## To Do 📌
This is a list of things I want to do in this project:

- [ ] .

## Description 📝
*Here goes the description of a project.*

## Installing 🔍
To install this application enter the following into your terminal:
```
git clone https://github.com/BasPieren/readme-template.git

cd readme-template
```

### Packages and Technologies
This project makes use of the following packages and technologies:

  * None!

## API 🐒
I made use of the following API for this project:

  * None!

## Research 🕵🏻
Here I explain the research for this project.

*Here goes the research of a project.*

## How It Works 🛠️
Here I explain the core features of this project.

*Here come the core features of a project.*

## Sources 📚
This is a list of all the sources I used during this project:

  * None!

### Honourable Mentions

  * None!

## Licence 🔓
MIT © [Bas Pieren](https://github.com/BasPieren)

Commit message:

README.md | Edit | Added extra intro text and a image description

README.md, after:

# README Template ⚙️

This is my personal `README.md` template. This template contains all possible chapters that I could need during a school or personal project. Chapters can be moved & removed as needed.

![Project Image](https://i.imgur.com/ZALRBjH.png)
> Image description

## Table of Contents 🗃
* [To Do](#to-do-)
* [Description](#description-)
* [Installing](#installing-)
  * [Packages and Technologies](#packages-and-technologies)
* [API](#api-)
* [Research](#research-)
* [How It Works](#how-it-works-️)
* [Sources](#sources-)
  * [Honourable Mentions](#honourable-mentions)
* [Licence](#licence-)

## To Do 📌
This is a list of things I want to do in this project:

- [ ] .

## Description 📝
*Here goes the description of a project.*

## Installing 🔍
To install this application enter the following into your terminal:
```
git clone https://github.com/BasPieren/readme-template.git

cd readme-template
```

### Packages and Technologies
This project makes use of the following packages and technologies:

  * None!

## API 🐒
I made use of the following API for this project:

  * None!

## Research 🕵🏻
Here I explain the research for this project.

## How It Works 🛠️
Here I explain the core features of this project.

## Sources 📚
This is a list of all the sources I used during this project:

  * None!

### Honourable Mentions

  * None!

## Licence 🔓
MIT © [Bas Pieren](https://github.com/BasPieren)
